overview: fix a broken link (#1907) (#1911)
pingcap/docs: overview.md

- [Developer install guide (single machine)](http://www.tocker.ca/this-blog-now-powered-by-wordpress-tidb.html)
- [TiDB Best Practices](https://pingcap.com/blog/2017-07-24-tidbbestpractice/)

> _Your contribution is also welcome! Feel free to open a [pull request](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/overview.md) to add additional links._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Your contribution is also welcome! Feel free to open a [pull request](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/release-3.1/overview.md) to add additional links._
```
